Ahem.
Test 1, 2.
Testing 1, 2.
Test.
Now, Dr. Gallo and Dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification.
Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
Isolation?
What was that?
Isolation and purification.
Of the virus?
Well, you isolate a virus by finding the virus which causes a disease.
You purify a virus by making a lot of, I mean, just by purifying it so you get a pure virus.
I don't understand what the issue is.
Well, they interchanged the two and I wasn't sure if it was the same thing or if it was two totally different.
No, it depends on how they used it.
Can you explain the process of HIV isolation?
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it, so... I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones.
You know, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone, you know, and, you know, it's not, it's, you know, measles plus, you know, okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles because, you know, not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end, but no, when we have this new pandemic that is, you know, got 75%
There'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
It'll be a moral emergency, because it has to be.
It's literally turning into worst case scenario.
Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and to the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent panel that we have, each one of you is going to get a chance to comment
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not, that's not the way life is.
I think, but you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
Yeah.
you
Gotta find the right slider here.
I got this old soundboard I'm using and Channel 1 and 2 just decided to start buzzing this morning.
Good evening, good morning, good afternoon wherever you are on this great planet of ours.
It's 1150 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and I'm coming to you live from the back of my garage.
It's not too cold today so
I can be dressed normally and the heat doesn't need to be on.
Thank you very much for joining me.
I apologize for missing yesterday.
I'm now one stream behind this week, but I assure you I'm doing my best to keep up with all of this stuff.
There's a lot of things going on behind the scenes that make it possible for me to scrape a little bit up here and a little bit up there.
And right now,
The way that this whole system works here is there's a lot of can shaking on the internet and then there's a lot of scrambling behind the scenes to make sure that we're
You know, not missing any opportunity to sort of earn a little money here or earn a little money there.
And so that's what you see happening here.
I apologize for making promises that I apparently can't keep with regard to schedules.
But I hope at some point, you know, this will become the primary or only focus of my daily life.
But right now, just keeping the whole ship afloat right now is getting pretty struggly.
So that being said, I did have time yesterday to get to the gym with my son and shot a JC on the hardwood.
And so I'm going to edit that tonight.
Depending on how much time I have, I have an early practice tonight.
So I should have some evening time for that.
We are here again with another one of these Way Back Wednesday study halls.
And the idea is to try and paint a picture of where we are and why it is a bit absurd that we haven't gotten here already a long time ago.
And I think if there were any big messages that we were going to try and put out on Wednesdays, it would be that we want to look backwards into recent history so that we can see how much ideological ground we have covered and how much ideological ground we haven't covered, how much we've been led to believe we've covered.
And I think only with careful reiteration of what did those people say back then?
What were those people doing back then?
Because it's very easy for our family and friends to say, are you going to keep bringing that up again?
How can you keep talking about this?
But there are people who spend their whole lives doing PhDs in history on deep history.
And nobody is worried about recent history.
And I think that's what makes someone like Mark Kulak of Housatonic ITS, Housatonic Live, so interesting and so nice to follow because he is someone who's interested in recent history, history that can still be verified or attempted to follow up or corroborated.
And all of these things are very difficult to do if you're looking at early Syrian history, you know, 400 AD or something like this.
And so that's really where I think the rubber meets the road right now.
People like Joe Marshall, people like
Grace's dad, Scott Shara, people that are working on recent history, the recent crimes, the recent cataloging of and archiving of the recent history in terms of legal cases, in terms of legal concepts, in terms of the way legal concepts and legal language have slowly changed over the last decade, specifically
I think to work in harmony and in chorus with these other operations that are being done by the people that govern us, to get our children to accept the idea that sovereign individual doesn't really mean something very glorious and specific.
It doesn't mean something very reverent and sacred, but instead it means something that's selfish and foolish and short-sighted.
And it is this very nature of the divinity of the individual, the responsibilities of an individual, the capabilities of an individual, the potentials of an individual are what being taken away from our children by the schools, by the narratives, by the social media.
And so I am very, very excited to be at the stage where I think we can play excited music.
I'm sorry, I'm checking my email at the same time as I'm still talking.
I just wanted to be sure that wasn't an important one.
I'm very excited because I really think we have hope.
We have hope in the sense of there is a potential to create the momentum in a useful direction in terms of understanding our health and our biology, changing the way that young people understand their biology, and rather than
what the intention of our rulers is, or the powers that be, I believe, have the intention of ushering our children into a future where their dependence on machines and their dependence on programs and dependence on software, their dependence on the system provided to them by the state,
for safety and for communication and for free speech is the intention.
And we need to steer our children to an understanding of their biology that leads them to the natural conclusion that they are sovereign individuals.
They are divine incarnations of the truth.
And they have a responsibility to their creator to do the best with what they've been given.
not to surrender what they've been given to the will of the state or the will of technocrats or this idea that we as a species have also a responsibility.
No, first and foremost, our responsibility is to our creator and to our family, to our local communities, to the people that we love.
This really needs to be the underlying message of this show whenever possible, because we don't have much time to portray the truth correctly to our children so that they don't dismiss it, so that they don't buy what's on social media.
We have to show them that the truth is in the family, the truth is in the Creator, the truth is in Mother Nature, the truth is in
Whatever incarnation gets you to the stage where you have a respect, a reverence for the sacred, irreducible complexity of a newborn child.
And that for as long as possible, children grow up thinking of themselves as an irreducible complexity, perfect when born.
Maybe only fearful of death.
And only in the most abstract way.
because all around them they are constantly being shown the beauty that they are a part of, maybe even a caretaker of, but not the owner of, or the commander of, or the master of.
And that's the difference.
We've got to teach our children humility.
And if there's anything parallel with this in basketball, oh my goodness, just look on the basketball court with young kids.
talk to young refs and old refs on the on the sidelines of today's youth basketball and if you can find a ref with any experience at all they will all universally agree oh my goodness it's gotten so bad there is no respect for adults anymore from these children and it is a horrible place that we are entering as these children become young adults absolutely
Precarious is the only word that I can describe it.
And therefore, we really need to assume positions of responsibility.
We need to assume positions of authority.
And we need to start speaking up that some of these places that we have been brought to are absolutely ridiculous.
And there is a very succinct description and a very succinct argument to be made against them.
And so a lot of it has to do with this slide right here, that healthy people don't get sick.
And that there is a lot to be said for clean water and clean food and clean environment.
We can all agree on this, but we cannot let this be the thing that we finally get the government to recognize in 2025 with Trump
That cannot be the conclusion that we come to as that's the best America can do because we could have been at this list.
And in fact, we were at this list long before the pandemic started.
But there were other agendas at hand.
There were other weaponized piles of money influencing the opinion on the media.
And so this wasn't the prevailing
narrative, but you could find doctors all the way back to the 90s and the 80s that would say the same thing.
And you can find doctors in the 90s and the 80s and the 2000s that were completely anti-vaccine, didn't vaccinate their children in their practice.
The truth has always been out there, ladies and gentlemen.
That's the sad part.
That's the part that is at the same time very hopeful.
because don't misunderstand, I only figured this out in 2023.
I only really understood the vaccine thing in 2022.
And before that I was all in, naively.
So, you know, I understand exactly where people are because I was just there a couple of years ago.
I understand exactly where these academic biologists, because I was there, I wanted it, I wanted it bad.
And I can remember getting in many arguments over after a few bottles of wine at conferences or at conferences and dinners about how evolution and whatever worked, discussions, sure of myself.
And this is what happens when you engage in this level of lifelong mystery solving.
working under the wrong pretenses.
And I worked for my entire adult life, mystery solving under the wrong pretenses.
The pretenses being that this Human Genome Project was a real thing that solved a real puzzle, and that I was engaging in studying the brain using those tools provided to me by the Human Genome Project.
And any
Any way that I could incorporate a genetic component into my research would probably benefit my future success greatly.
Any way that I could incorporate a genetically modified mouse model into my research, the more likely it was that I would succeed in the future.
And I understood this all.
I understood the game that they were playing.
I understood what I was trying to do.
I wasn't very good at it because there are a lot of contradictions if you play this game.
And so trying to find a way to avoid obvious contradictions or obvious non-starters is quite difficult.
But you got to play the game within the grant proposal.
You got to play the game within the grant proposal.
So no one's ever going to say something as profound as this that's present on social media with any following at all.
Even though there are supposedly people out there for a very long time who have been interested in dispelling the illusion of vaccines,
I can't find anybody who ever got to the stage before the pandemic where they were saying intramuscular injection is just dumb.
And if you just think about what intramuscular injection is and what it is intended to provide and the purported physical mechanism by which it provides it, it's just absurd.
It's obnoxious if you think about it too long.
And yet all of these people from the worst, people engaged in long-term grifts, like I think Meryl Nass and Mary Holland and a few others have been engaged in.
Now, not to say that some of these people don't have damaged kids.
They may very well have damaged kids.
But if you think about it, if the powers that be
that know that these myths are myths, that know that these myths have been myths since the Human Genome Project, since AIDS, and know that the vaccine schedule is a myth, well then the way that they're gonna overcome that myth is recruit a few actual victims with an actual claim, take very good care of them, give them an opportunity for fortune and fame, and taking care of their kid.
and then give them a limited spectrum of debate to promote.
You know, like it is a specific component of the MMR vaccine that I think hurt my child.
I'm not against vaccines.
I just want them tested.
I want the components tested, says Mary Holland in 2015 on the same program as Paul Offit and the same program as Rand Paul and the same program as a lawyer who says anti-vax is crazy.
And since 2015, we've been running in this same hamster wheel where everyone from as diverse as Mary Holland, to Merrill Nass, to Robert F. Kennedy Jr., to Brian Hooker, to Susan Humphreys, and all these people, you know, James Lyons Weiler.
I mean, the list is endless.
No one's ever been able to, not one MD has ever been able to get to the stage where they could say, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.
Now that I think about it, intramuscular injection is the single worst way to be exposed to a toxin.
The single worst way to know exactly what's happening when we inject somebody with something.
And that's probably the single worst way to deliver something on what is supposed to be a time spread out release or something like that.
You don't have to be a rocket scientist to see that.
You just don't.
But somehow or another, we have been raised by parents who believed the same nonsense.
And so since we've accepted it since we were a little kid and we've never heard anyone question it, we still think, yeah, it sounds good.
But I think there's a possibility that in the decades to come, there will be a whole society of humans that will look back in horror
to think that there were a couple generations of humans that used intramuscular injection as a way of administering medicine to healthy people.
And they got away with it because they sterilized the needles and they were pretty good with that kind of thing.
It's crazy to think about it that we're now transfecting people and the CDC is recommending that babies after six months of age receive the full three doses of transfection to the whatever protein is encoded by those products.
That's where we are.
So we have a side of the debate where any intramuscular injection of a combination of substances is just unjustifiable.
And then we have the other side of the spectrum where pregnant women and children over the six months of age can be transfected safely.
Pregnant women and children over the age of six months can be transfected safely to protect them from a wide variety of respiratory diseases.
Stop lying!
That's where we are.
And so we have a big battle ahead, a big fight ahead that's gonna require a lot of patience and a lot of frustration and maybe even years of this kind of crap.
But if we also at the same time start to really assemble this new, there we go, now I can hear how hot it is, sorry about that.
if we assemble this new biology and understand life in a different way, not only will we strive to draw the line where life is and where life isn't or what life is and what life isn't and what that pattern integrity is, because don't get me wrong, I don't think that
If I say life is a pattern integrity, that that should just, oh, okay, now I understand.
No, I think actually one of the main things that, the main work that we would have to do as we approach new biology 101 is to really work to establish what that pattern integrity is.
And if that pattern integrity that includes exosomes and signaling and pheromones and hormones and
Do you see what I mean?
We need to understand how our bodies interact with other conspecifics, other humans.
We need to understand how our senses interact, how our immune systems interact.
and understand it at a level that we have not acknowledged at this stage.
And so it could be that part of the pattern integrity that we eventually need to acknowledge is this exosomal communication that may be part of this background signal that has been misconstrued as a novel coronavirus.
That's what we don't know.
And I'm fine with saying that we don't know.
What I know for sure is that they have not bothered to care about proving to us that anything new and special has happened in 2020.
They made us take their word for it.
And we did.
And so we are in 2024.
Let me see if I can do this right here.
We are in 2024.
It is December 18th.
My ear itches a little bit because I put these things in there all the time.
And I am going to shoot another, I've shot another episode, going to edit another episode of JC on the hardwood, which I'm very excited about.
And I'm going to continue to dedicate as much time and energy as I can find for it.
Because I think it's a, it's a nice way forward and the better I get at it and the more, you know,
useful I can do with it the better I think.
So we'll see what happens.
Sorry about that.
It's Wednesday and we've got to go way back.
Normally what we do then is we talk about the calendar so I just want to reiterate how I'm using this calendar to discuss the years.
I have zoomed in a little bit now so the year 2018 is here.
You can see that somewhere in 2019 there's a lab leak that happens and then
that lab lead goes around the world changing colors every year and now we are in 2024 and this is the high resistance low noise info brief um and we have this uh come see us doing live shows we'll be in los angeles so this is you know like this week atlantic city coho's new york providence rhode island go to jimmydore.com for a link for tickets and only jimmydore.com
So just real quickly also, the event 201, what was Peter Thiel's connection?
So if people don't know what event 201 was, they did a mock.
They pretended they were doing a mock.
Hey, what would happen if a virus got out and how do we handle it?
They did that like five seconds before we had to go into lockdowns for coronavirus.
And who's they that did that?
Tell people who the they is.
Right, so event 201 was hosted by the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security, which previously the people that ran that, which included one of the moderators for event 201, are the people that did the simulation before the 2001 attacks that directly predicted what would happen just several months later.
When the anthrax attacks did happen and obviously the anthrax attacks were intended to go much farther Until but a lot of their plans for utilizing the aftermath of the anthrax attacks sort of Things didn't go according to plan basically when it got traced back to the u.s.
Military anthrax was from the u.s.
Military, right?
Yeah, so
Event 201 was a simulation very much like that involving a lot.
So I think that's short through the corner to say that the anthrax came from the military.
Of course it did.
That was the story they told us on TV back then.
So for me, this now starts to smell very different.
And again, a lot of this smell very different is because it has been brought to my attention
by several people that the only real source of the story that we have of Mike Callahan calling Robert Malone that Mike Callahan was in Wuhan in 2019 is a story written by Whitney Webb.
And then of course, Robert Malone telling that story repeatedly on podcasts that only we would watch, that none of our family and friends would ever see.
And so it's interesting here for her to, again, I always think that it's a red flag, given what I've learned over the last five years about the complexities of the bureaucracy of the American government.
I always think it's really, the Dutch phrase is short through the corner.
It's cheating to just say it was the DOD, that the anthrax was traced back to the DOD.
I mean, isn't that,
Doesn't that seem to be a little bit cheap or easy?
And in fact, that's really what I think.
I don't even know if she's intending to do it.
It's just the way that the language works.
We're not being precise enough when there is precision to be had.
And that starts to stick out like a sore thumb if you listen long enough.
And over and over on different podcasts, you hear the same,
set of circumstances and facts reiterated by the same people, you start to understand that there is some, I hate to keep going back to Noam Chomsky, but there's some limited spectrum of debate that they are sticking to and a limited spectrum of words that they're sticking to and coming back to and repeating that some people seem to be hypnotized and other people seem to be doing the hypnosis.
of actors that benefited hugely from COVID-19 policies.
And one of the, it's not a Peter Thiel connection, but it is a Palantir connection.
So one of the longest running consultants for Palantir is a woman named Avril Haines, who was a CIA deputy director under Obama serving under John Brennan.
Now, I think Avril Haines is an interesting character.
I don't think she's sophisticated enough to know biological mythologies from reality.
I think she's somebody who, from very early on, has been climbing up the ladder of something.
She's from Columbia University, where also Mary Holland is from, and Vincent Rack and Yellow is from, and a lot of these, let's just say, less than optimal academics who are currently in the narrative cut their teeth.
So, to me, I'm not hearing a lot here yet.
I'm just gonna let it keep playing to cue me up again.
Avril Haines was one of, you know,
these people involved directly in the event 201 simulation.
And she under Biden is the top intelligence official in his administration.
Sometimes I think they choose slightly different words for things that have already been in your head so that they create like double space and that they also kind of seem to magically reinforce one another.
So there was never anybody before
before now that I've ever heard call it event 201.
And so in my, you know, I don't know anything about this stuff.
I'm completely clueless about neurolinguistic programming.
I haven't even, I haven't taken a course or anything like that.
And there are courses that you can take, but it seems to be pretty obvious to me that one of the things that might work really well is to slightly misname something, but in such a way that
no ambiguity could exist.
So if you, and then you're correcting her in your head, right?
That's the point, is that if you say it slightly differently, you know, like, like, Children's Health Defense Fund,
Now, that's one of these tricks that the opposite side plays a lot of times in that the Children's Health Defense says, oh, it's so annoying.
Everybody says this Children's Health Defense Fund.
But actually, that benefits everybody.
because it creates confusion, it provokes different ideas in different people's heads.
If you already know that Children's Health Defense is Mary Holland and Meryl Nass and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
with superhero outfits arranged in a triangle standing in front of a lightning storm, then when they say Children's Health Defense Fund, you still get that image and you're just mad because some other people might not get that image.
See the difference?
Because the other people who see or hear Children's Health Defense Fund also hear Bobby Kennedy Jr.
and whoever works for him, but maybe not in a superhero outfit, maybe not as a hero, but as a controversial figure.
And so you see the effect is actually on the people that follow CHD.
It's not on the people that don't follow CHD.
And anybody that doesn't follow CHD that's interested in figuring that out would just catch that mistake.
And for the longest time, I thought as an ally of CHD that this was such a diabolical tool of them that they mention us, but they don't mention us.
But actually, what I've come to realize and come to see it as is that that only affects the people that are already on that team.
It's actually not what I thought it was.
And a lot of what this is is not what
I would have thought it was a long time ago.
This is actually reinforcement.
This is actually going to lead anybody that is enticed by this to look back and figure out that, wow, Whitney Webber really was way ahead of this.
She reported this guy Mike Callahan in Wuhan.
Holy man, she knows everything.
But if she was put in place with certain nuggets of information,
told to focus on certain things for a long time.
And now in 2024, she's circling back to some of these Scooby-Doo narratives again.
Then you see it's a wheel.
It's not a linear progression toward understanding and enlightenment.
It is a wheel.
And like it or not, Jimmy Dore is participating.
He's riding a motorcycle right now.
It's the only way to see it.
And some people might not realize that riding a motorcycle is participating in the enslavement of our grandkids.
But I think the pay and whatever should tell them something.
If they really believe that there was something malevolent happening in 2020, and they think now that they overcame it, and now they're winning against that malevolency, that seems to be quite naive to me.
So the Director of National Intelligence.
So basically, the CIA's boss.
And so who and how what's your connection to Palantir?
Now, he's a long time.
Now, the interesting thing is you can do the research.
Director of National Intelligence is not a position that has existed forever.
It's hard for me to understand the difference between the chief of staff and the Director of National Intelligence and the
the head of the Joint Chiefs, and you know, there's a lot of heads of things.
And the Director of National Intelligence is not just the CIA's boss, as far as I know.
I mean, National Intelligence would be somewhere 17 or 18 odd agencies, right?
And so this was something also very funny that I thought that Denny Rancourt said in the interview with myself and hosted by Jason Levine, where he proposed to me that all these rich people in America were taking orders from the CIA.
And I was like, what?
What?
So you're just gonna ignore the other 16 or 17 intelligence agencies in America, all the private intelligence, all the private contractors, all the, what?
Seriously?
You can't come up with any weaponized piles of money that might also be engaged in similar levels of activity with much less government oversight and much less, what is he even talking about when you think about it?
And I think it's a reasonable question to ask, what is she talking about when she says the director of national intelligence is Averill Haynes and she's the boss of the CIA and she was at event 201, is all part of an enchantment to make sure that you think that you are still part of this ongoing solving of the Scooby-Doo mystery where the lab leaked virus is finally acknowledged by all the governments around the world and you knew it before they did.
And so did your heroes.
I'm consultant for them.
But as soon as she joined the Biden campaign, she tried to delete it from her biographies online.
Come see us doing live shows.
We'll be in Los Angeles, Honolulu, Baltimore.
And so remember, I showed you last week that the Scooby Doo mystery was solved.
I played two videos, one where we're talking about the Department of Energy with
with Vivek Ramaswamy, and he's sure that, you know, it's proven now.
And we also talked with this lady, where they were showing all kinds of pictures from COVID, and talking about how, you know, this is ridiculous, but, you know, it's probably not likely, but it still could be.
I mean, look at this propaganda.
This is 2023, where they're declaring basically, you know, lab leak theory draws some scrutiny.
It's probably true.
And so the Scooby-Doo mystery is essentially solved, and now we're just still celebrating that for like a year.
It's pretty extraordinary.
But I think that's what participation in daily use of social media does to us, is that it creates incredibly short time horizons.
And so when we are on this wheel,
We become unaware that, wow, wait, this one is really a lot like what happened last year.
We don't notice it anymore because, again, because we're on this wheel.
And we're not willing to acknowledge that we're being governed by that wheel.
But we most certainly are.
It's a wheel of mythology.
And the story progresses a little bit every year.
So the wheel is slowly moving forward, but only moving forward in the direction that they want to.
And as long as we keep running in the wheel, this thing is not going to change direction.
And so if we go back to 2021, maybe we can see how really we have been running in a wheel.
And I think 2021 is rich with evidence of the wheel.
And more importantly, the evidence of the bringing together of lots of different ideas into the wheel.
I think that a lot of these people think of their job as herding cats because, of course, people like Mark Kulak and myself, they needed to be kept apart.
while all the other people that just needed an alternative narrative, they just needed to be kept together.
So the ones that bought into the alternative hypothesis where there are no viruses and there's no contagion and maybe bacteria are fake or something like that, it's detoxification.
If there are people that will believe that, we've got to have people that will keep them running in that wheel for about five years.
If there are people over here that will believe the 5G is causing COVID, then we got to get those people over here running in that wheel for at least a couple years.
If there are people that will believe that the spike protein of the lab leak virus that people are covering up, the spike protein is responsible for amyloidosis and prion disease.
And so it's a, we could all, we have to lock down forever.
Then we have to get all those people over here and we have to have a person to control them and keep them running in the wheel.
And more importantly, these people in this wheel have to be directed some skepticism to people in other wheels so that they're not very tempted to start to go into depth into what those people think or they might jump wheels.
Or more importantly, they might realize that none of these wheels, if taken seriously, make sense.
But that's what they did to us.
And the lab leak or natural virus was really the key.
And so I'm really curious as to how they did it.
And I think we can see how they did it if we go back to things that were recorded when this narrative was really starting to congealate in everybody's head, both on the left and the right.
And also, most importantly,
the narrative of the spike protein being a toxin that was theoretically okay to argue might be a reasonable vaccine target.
But at the same time, unfortunately, because of its gain of function aspects, because of things that they didn't know about or didn't take into account, it could also be toxic.
And therefore, using it as a vaccine could have also been a terrible idea.
And so both of those
Both of those conceptual spaces blame the spike protein and the biological properties tied to it for the damage that will be caused by the virus and by the subsequent immunization for the virus.
And the important thing to see here is that in 2020-21, that was a very, very important place for everyone to be.
Because in the end, we want most people on the planet to confound the effects of the strange and novel virus and its spike protein with the effects of the countermeasures designed to fight that spike protein, designed to activate your immune system to that spike protein.
And that narrative is still grinding on as we speak right now.
There's still talk of how the spike is toxic.
There's still talk of how
There are spike detox nutraceuticals.
And the spike detox nutraceuticals implies the idea that the spike protein itself has something that you need to fix instead of the idea that what's wrong with your system now is that your system is altered because you were transfected.
They want you to believe that your system was altered because the spike protein is a toxin.
And that's still going on now.
It's still going on with the same people who were saying it's a lab leak, saying it's a coverup, saying we need repurposed drugs in 2021.
And again, all of the narratives that you will see seated here in this very long presentation with four people presenting,
All the narratives that you will see here are narratives which presuppose the existence of a novel virus, presuppose the spreading of a novel virus, and rather only question the severity of the crisis and the response to it.
And that is exactly what I am suggesting was the trap all along.
And people were recruited.
during the laying of the trap, during the springing of the trap, and before were put in place so that when the trap was sprung, it would seem like there was a spontaneous rise of dissidents on the internet and a spontaneous censorship of people on the internet who would then rise on spontaneously appearing new social media and that social media would be the new free media or the media that was purchased would be made free
And then these people that seemed to be censored at the beginning of the pandemic seemed to already be speaking out before the pandemic or having podcasts before the pandemic were now in place to have this limited spectrum of debate and make it very exciting and eventually put on motorcycle suits and motorcycle helmets and get inside of that cage and ride around with fireworks.
And everybody was going to be really impressed when they rode back out and completed the stunt.
That's the plan.
And so what you see here are sort of, you know, audition moments and fine tuning of the narrative.
And how far do we really have to go is a question that a lot of these people that are orchestrating this alternate narrative, how far do we really have to go?
How many people do we really need to herd?
How many cats are out there that need a narrative and need a hero that isn't on national television, that's only on alternative media?
Keep in mind, Tucker Carlson is not on TV anymore.
So appearing on Tucker Carlson is really appearing on the internet.
And the artificial representation of that is just spontaneous rising of some guy.
It's not.
It's a program.
It's a military program.
They're all military programs.
Let's watch this video and see what we get.
And I might stop it.
Play the video separately because maybe we have to play it faster Walter Chestnut has been on this show a couple times and Yeah, Walter Chestnut has been on this show a couple times and he's one of those guys who might be innocent in the sense of I
just having been unwittingly brought in and encouraged to pursue the spike protein because you're right.
Maybe he was given some money, you know, and supported and encouraged that way.
And so he just went along with it and went along with it and went along with it because comfort and fame is nice.
I think he's done better than I have on X. And he certainly gets much more promotion from Team Robert Malone than I do.
I know people like Jessica Rose and Kevin McCairn and others are regularly promoting him still.
So again, even if he's unwittingly participating or isn't aware of how many of these people are tied all the way back to the Human Genome Project, it's nevertheless, he's not playing for our team right now.
And I've made that very clear a couple of years ago already with him.
So he knows how I feel about it.
I mean, that's not some kind of weird,
weird existing rift that nobody knows about.
I mean, I told him a long time ago that the spike protein was an illusion, and you're perpetuating it.
Yeah, so let's do this.
Yeah.
OK, thank you all, everybody.
Hey, canceled mouse is in the audience.
What a sweet.
Thanks for showing up.
That's good to see you.
I'm not stabbing him in the back, you know.
It's just he knows how I feel.
I've told him already that arguing about the spike protein is arguing the argument that these people want us to argue instead of arguing against the methodology.
And he kind of just started ignoring me, which is fine.
That's his prerogative.
I wish you'd start ignoring me.
First, allow me to introduce Dr. Richard Urso.
He studied medicine at the University of Texas Medical School and he was part of the Honor Society, Alpha Omega Alpha.
Residency in ophthalmology at the University of Texas at Dallas.
A fellowship in oculoplastics and reconstructive surgery at the University of Texas at Galveston.
I think what Cancelled Mouse is missing is that Jessica Rose was meant to appeal to everyone and everybody liked Jessica Rose at some point because she is epigirl from a military exercise similar to that in the SARS pandemic document.
She's an actor.
She's supposed to be playing that role.
focused on very specific questions, and more importantly, working very specific people.
That's why she traveled all around the world for six years, not suffering like a postdoc with eating sandwiches or whatever.
This is a world-traveling all-star who's now a senior fellow at the FLCCC, the organization in America responsible for sending a lot of people to the hospital by recommending that if their pulse ox is below 94, they better get there.
Make no mistake about it, ladies and gentlemen, whether Cancelled Mouse knows it or not, he's been manipulated by this group of people who's convinced people that a pandemic is possible one way or another, natural or lab leak, and that the
basic biology is sound, of virology, and it's just, it's sad.
It's sad because at this stage, these people have been fooled by Heart, they've been fooled by Panda, they've been fooled by CHD and ICANN, and all of these organizations are either sabotaged or wholly out of full cloth, they are just manufactured.
They're not even close to real.
That's the sad part.
The sad part is the realization that we've been governed that way for a while.
And the sad part is, is that the only thing they have left is to call me Jar Jar.
They can't talk about intramuscular injection.
They can't talk about the exceptional biology of RNA that I don't understand, apparently.
They can't
actually addressed the murder that happened and then was used to justify all the other nonsense around the world and it's just at this stage every appearance of them in the chat, every retweet, every answer, every meme that they make, every second that they use responding to me where they don't respond to the first three points is an admission that we are right.
It's an admission that this is one big show
And it extends from the left to the right.
It extends from Europe to America.
It extends from Australia, New Zealand to Canada.
And it is across the English speaking world that social media is being weaponized to control opinion and to fool us into chasing down these ridiculous narratives instead of just rejecting all of it.
And again, this is happening primarily where?
Supposedly on Elon Musk's platform.
That's where canceled mouse wants me to go argue with him.
And so now it becomes pretty obvious, right?
That actually these people are just being paid by the military, global military industrial complex, whatever, yada, yada, the powers that be
probably paid by social media like X and Stripe and Substack, PayPal, all these weaponized piles of money can be used to manipulate.
And since you have controls on the internet that can program people, that can permit people to rise and prevent people to rise, and these are not complicated programming routines, the best way to do it is with a combination of that
and coordinated lying.
And that's what, wittingly or unwittingly, Canceled Mouse and Jikki Leaks and all or many of these anonymous accounts represent, is the potential to create the illusion of an opinion sweeping the internet, the ability to create the illusion that a bunch of people don't agree with you, the ability to create the illusion that a bunch of people agree with someone else.
And maybe Cancelled Mouse is just going to have to deal with the fact that he got taken up by this same operation that a lot of other people got taken up.
And almost anybody that has an icon of a mouse in their X profile has probably been fooled or participated.
But that's okay.
People will wake up slowly as they continue to run into the walls in the dark.
Thank you very much for joining me, Cancelled Mouse.
Don't let the door hit you on the way out.
Assistant Professor at the Department of Ophthalmology at the University of Texas School of Medicine until 2005, also Assistant Professor and became Department Head of Head and Neck Surgery at MD Anderson Cooper and the Chief of Orbital Oncology.
Without further ado, Dr. Richard Urso.
Thank you.
What do I push to move forward?
It does what?
Do I have to push a button to move forward?
Oh, this one?
This one here?
I was using up and down.
Okay great.
Well this is one of the funnest topics I can talk about.
I was supposed to talk for about 30 minutes.
I have a lot of slides.
I'll try to go through them quickly.
But in general, Craig didn't mention it, but my background, I did drug development
I actually invented an FDA approved drug for wound healing.
I got really involved in this because as I was becoming an ophthalmologist I decided that I wanted to fix everything and I couldn't find a way to fix everything.
So I decided if I went into wound healing that crossed all the boundaries and I could have a lot of fun thinking about things from every different specialty and try to put them together and help to come up with good ideas.
And that's basically what got me into, I did two years in a biochem lab and nine years in tissue culture lab working on different projects.
Primarily the tissue culture work was really innovative.
I had a great mentor.
who taught me a lot and Madeline Duvic taught me about how to work with skin equivalents and I ended up coming up with a there's nerve growth factor was won the Nobel Prize but nobody could figure out how to use it and eventually was able to use it in wound healing.
I found some nerve growth factor receptors on a
on a cell line on an epithelial cell line and I thought this must be here for a reason and it turned out to be you know a terrific model for for closing diabetic wounds and other wounds on the body and it's now after 20 plus years approved.
So because of that with that being said I started realizing that going that route with novel drugs was always really tough and I said you know I'm gonna I'm gonna start looking at repurposed drugs
and this current regimen for Delta, I would call this who's who in medicines.
All these things here, I call these, these things that I have here are almost all wonder drugs of their own.
Really amazing, ivermectin, hydroxychloroquine, azirithromycin, they have so many different effects on so many different tissues, but so do a lot of these other things, and I'm gonna, I'm gonna keep myself moving.
I apologize, I just,
I can't get the slide.
So azithromycin, current regimen for Delta.
What's Delta?
Of course, that's one of the colors of the virus that it became as we went through this, this, this supposed evolution of the virus.
So again, here, I just want to, to highlight a couple of things.
First of all, right, he says he's in drug development and tissue culture.
And I think tissue culture is a very important,
It's a very important voodoo in the history of biology and people who are into tissue culture, whether they understand it or not, is very crucial.
And repurpose drugs for Delta.
And he says that even on a slide, which is imperative, I think, because at this stage already, these people are being selected and being either encouraged to follow a script, given a script, or have proposed
to say things that follow a script previously approved.
And so, you know, this guy is a guy not who treated a bunch of unvaccinated people before the pandemic and is now speaking out about repurposed drugs.
No, this is a drug development guy with a long history in tissue culture, especially skin cell equivalents, which is trying to replace the circumcision
remnants of fibroblasts coming from little babies in American hospitals.
So repurpose drugs for Delta is really just odd narrative, right?
It's going along with the idea that now there is something called Delta, which might need a particular protocol or a particular regime or regimen.
And this list is different than the previous one, I guess, or something like that.
No sugar, no carbs, broth, water, steak, fish or chicken.
Ha!
So you gotta go on a, you gotta go on a, on a, look at that.
You gotta go on an all protein diet.
Think about this for a second.
What he's saying and what he's not saying.
Here in the red it says, no carbs, broth, water, steak, fish or chicken.
No sugar for as long as the patient is on prednisone.
Now think about this.
Think about this.
What's responsible for the healing here?
The change in diet?
Or this long list of drugs being given in combination?
Do you see where we're going here?
Even if one of these drugs was especially good, like he just said it was, they have wondrous effects all over the body, then why would you want to give all of these drugs together, not knowing whether they work in concert or not?
If you have a really good jazz quartet, you don't just say, OK, wow, it'd be even better if we had a violin and a cello and a dude with a whole set of gongs and let them all go nuts.
And so this is not a list that, in my mind, suggests a great deal of understanding.
It's not a list that suggests.
It looks like a list of somebody throwing a bunch of stuff against the wall and hoping something sticks.
It is very similar to what they did with Joe Rogan when they gave him a long list of things that included monoclonal antibodies, but only thing they talked about was ivermectin.
It's remarkable.
And only in retrospect and with
reiteration and dedication and a lot of hours are we going to be able to really convince ourselves and convince our family and friends, convince ourselves that this is a battle worth fighting.
It might be a battle for a correct cataloging of history.
And if we don't fight it, who's gonna fight this battle?
Who's gonna fight the battle for the history of 2020 and 2021?
Who's gonna fight the battle for the history of 1940, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50?
Who's fighting for those histories right now?
Are we just accepting the books as they're written?
And who cares?
We don't even have them anymore.
That's why we're doing this.
That's why we have to do these study halls, so that we can see that this is just overwhelming.
Anybody in the audience that's not an MD, this is just overwhelming.
What is this?
What useful ideas are provoked with the combination of explanation and this?
I had to work, so, okay, slowly.
Yeah, because I'm just pushing.
It's just going down the thing.
So I kind of jumped ahead.
I didn't realize it.
But that's how I got involved in inflammation and wound healing so I could cross over specialties and have a lot of thoughts to come up with ideas that might work in many specialties.
One of the first things I looked at was keloids.
And one of the things that I thought of.
I got to go back because he's skipping a great slide there.
It's interesting that he skips that great slide.
those keloids don't respect boundaries so I can't get the slide to work check this slide okay so this is a slide the steps of the inflammatory response and you actually see here exactly how the immune system is supposed to work and you can see why a subcutaneous a subcutaneous a subcutaneous inoculation exposure to a protein might
even provoke a useful immune response.
Because that's the orientation of the immune system at the barrier.
And it is, in fact, designed to respond to ruptures in the barriers.
And so if you start with an injection that's on the other side of these barriers,
How can this system functionally organize from the inside out?
How could it possibly respond appropriately?
How could intramuscular injection with the intention of augmenting that system, which is supposed to maintain the barrier, patrol the barrier, and respond to breaches in the barrier, how can you augment that system
with intramuscular injection.
It's almost like they know.
He's not going to use this.
They don't want to use this slide because this just gets us into trouble.
So I kind of jumped ahead, I didn't realize it, but that's how I got involved in inflammation and wound healing, so I could cross over specialties and have a lot of thoughts to come up with ideas that might work in many specialties.
One of the first things I looked at was keloids, and one of the things that I thought about was keloids don't respect boundaries.
So I thought it's like a cancer cell, and if I could figure out how to slow down a keloid, I might be able to figure out something that might work for tumors.
And eventually I actually have a scarring disorder here on the eye.
You see the eyeball there.
It's something called the pterygium.
And again, this goes back to sort of basics of wound healing.
On the top of the eye is something called the conjunctival epithelium.
It's like the epithelium on your skin.
And then underneath is basically the dermis, what we call in ophthalmology the Tenon's capsule.
So when you think about it, you think there's not an epidermis.
Why, why, why would we need to hear this when there is a real big issue at hand?
Why would we need to hear this?
I am shocked.
The dermis, there actually is.
And I found a lot of things that were on, on this one disorder, I found a lot of interesting things about fibroblasts and that most of the time in chronic healing, a lot of it, a lot of what was happening was happening with fibroblasts.
So that was a really important.
Oh, so he really needs circumcised babies.
Holy cow.
He can't do any of his research without circumcised babies.
important discovery for me as I kept looking.
And then eventually when I went to one of my wound healing meetings, this is where I got into diabetic wounds, because one of the mentors there for me basically said, hey, why don't you take your ideas and apply them towards chronic wounds.
I think you can do a lot with that.
And eventually that's where I came up with the nerve growth factor discovery.
And it works for that and other wounds on the eye also.
So, this is where I was saying, this group of drugs that I have on here are all drugs that I use for different things.
And I would say if you had this group of drugs here, you could probably cure almost every disease.
And I used them for different things, diabetic retinopathy, vascular disease, cancer, Sjogren's syndrome, fibrosis, scarring, chronic wounds.
You see the list, viral disorders, et cetera.
So I found a lot of uses for a lot of those drugs.
Now that's an extraordinary claim, ladies and gentlemen.
This is an ophthalmologist who worked on wound healing who just showed a list that he said with those lists you could probably cure any disease and then claims that he could.
I mean, that's some serious shit right there.
To just kind of go through quickly in the beginning, basically claiming that he is one of the most skilled and knowledgeable MDs on the planet with regard to using drugs to successfully cure people of any disease, he said.
Is this Ray Kurzweiler?
Who are we talking to here?
Do I need to play that for you again?
What I found right away was that I know this is going to be.
He said COVID.
Discovery.
And it works for that and other wounds on the eye.
I think everybody that says COVID is in with Malone.
I'm going to just say it right now.
Anybody that says COVID and more importantly, anybody that corrects themselves is correcting themselves because they heard Robert Malone say COVID, which means with no
I have no doubt anymore that the reason why James Lyons Weiler said COVID is because Robert Malone or an associate of Robert Malone is the reason why James Lyons Weiler wrote a blog about the Furin cleavage site.
And the Fearing Cleavage site was supposed to be the clue that got the Lab Leak Scooby-Doo started on the internet in 2020.
And they herded a bunch of people together using X and using social media, Twitter at the time, to herd these people together that had the foresight to think about this.
And they used people like, you know, Los Alamos Laboratories employee, father of,
Dan Sirotkin, Carl Sirotkin, to write blogs that implied that maybe there was a lab leak and then had his son go bananas about flying AIDS for two years.
And he was fine with all the coverage that I gave him until I said that transfection was dumb and I didn't think it would work or I thought it was stupid or I thought it was gonna make the... and then no, no more talking to me.
Carl Sorotkin was involved in like the early sequencing algorithms.
Carl Sorotkin, Dan Sorotkin's father, knows the illusion of the Human Genome Project all too well.
And once you see it for what it is, this guy, really, this guy is gonna say, what, COVID?
It's all one show, ladies and gentlemen.
It's all one team.
They were recruited in real time because this went off the rails so quick.
that Epi-Girl was not nearly enough.
and I used them for different things, diabetic retinopathy, vascular disease, cancer, Sjogren's syndrome, fibrosis, scarring, chronic wounds, you see the list, viral disorders, et cetera.
So I found a lot of uses for a lot of those drugs.
So when it came to COVID,
So his argument is, again, his argument is that he's already been repurposing drugs for a long time, so much so that he's got a list of repurposed drugs from which he can draw cures for almost every disease and any chronic condition.
That's what he just said.
What I found right away was that it works for that and other wounds on the eye also.
So this is where I was saying, this group of drugs that I have on here are all drugs that I use for different things.
And I would say if you had this group of drugs here, you could probably cure almost every disease.
And I use them for different things, diabetic retinopathy, vascular disease, cancer, Sjogren's syndrome, fibrosis, scarring, chronic wounds.
You see the list, viral disorders, et cetera.
So I found a lot of uses for a lot of those drugs.
And so when it came to COVID, what I found right away was that I know this is gonna be just like every other upper respiratory viral disease, kind of biphasic, gonna be virus early and viral particles late.
And for some reason, I felt like the only person who seemed to know that, I don't know why, every time I talked to people about it, I was like, well, it's gonna be an infectious disease early, but it's gonna be a inflammatory disease later.
And that's not what he said.
That's not what he said.
We got to go back here.
Almost every disease.
That's not what he said.
He did not say that.
He said something very, very different.
It was going to be viral and not viral or viral.
And then what?
Listen, listen, because it's really important because he goes back to saying something closer to the truth when he repeats it.
But the first one is the script.
So when it came to covid or covid,
What I found right away was that I know this is gonna be just like every other upper respiratory viral disease, kind of biphasic, gonna be virus early and viral particles late.
And- Virus early, viral particles late.
Stop lying!
I'm sorry, ladies and gentlemen, but this is a liar.
He is following a script.
He doesn't know this.
He hasn't done virology.
He's an ophthalmologist who's done drug development and tissue culture his whole life.
I knew this was going to be like every other viral syndrome.
Virus early, viral particles late.
That's asymptomatic transmission, ladies and gentlemen.
Oh, I can become so frustrated because this work could have been done by anyone.
It didn't have to be me.
It doesn't need to be me.
This has been around since 2021.
On YouTube!
For some reason, I felt like the only person who seemed to know that, I don't know why, every time I talked to people about it, I was like, well, it's gonna be an infectious disease early, but it's gonna be a inflammatory disease later.
And here's why I knew it.
I'm going to show you this disease.
So Dr. Held is here.
She knows what this is.
Basically, this is a picture of an eye that basically had a viral conjunctivitis.
And so we know that this causes about five to seven days, you're going to have a virus there, then you're non-infectious after that.
and this is what we call the cytokine storm in the eye this comes on about day 8, 9, 10, 11 so I knew early on in February when I was hearing about viral disease and this inflammatory phase followed by also the thrombotic phase which is another riddle basically still a riddle that I still don't know the answer to and I'm sure I'd love to hear Dr. Malone has a lot of thoughts on it so does Dr. McCullough
But basically, it was clear to me that this was going to be an inflammatory disease and that you had to use steroids early on.
So my first and steroids early on is what Robert Malone said was what they were using dexamethasone to get people into to get people out of the to clear hospitals and put them back into care homes where they died.
It's an interesting dichotomy of stories that are coming out, you know, as you look back.
Back on March 10th or 12th, I used steroids and it was about day nine and I took a lot of criticism for it, but it was a friend of mine from medical school, so he trusted me and we used them and it worked quite well.
But I also use hydroxychloroquine, azithromycin, vitamin D and aspirin.
So if you look at this, this is a showing that the virus.
So here I just see something that I want to give a shout out to.
The only reason why I know it is because of Mark Kulak.
is rarely detectable beyond eight days.
That's SARS-CoV-2 in about viral disease in this inflammatory phase, followed by also the thrombotic phase, which is another riddle, basically.
It's still a riddle that I still don't know the answer to, and I'm sure I'd love to hear.
Dr. Malone has a lot of thoughts on it, so does Dr. McCullough.
But basically it was clear to me that this was gonna be an inflammatory disease and that you had to use steroids early on.
So my first patient back on March 10th or 12th, I used steroids and it was about day nine and I took a lot of criticism for it but it was a friend of mine from medical school so he trusted me and we used them and it worked quite well.
But I also used hydroxychloroquine, azithromycin, vitamin D and aspirin.
So if you look at this, this is showing that the virus
is rarely detectable beyond eight days.
That's SARS-CoV-2.
So SARS-CoV-2, we're not finding this virus past day eight.
So can anybody here tell me why we're using remdesivir?
Why are we using remdesivir?
He says, that's funny.
What a funny little objection to that.
Does that make any sense?
How does the ophthalmologist know that?
And I was, I took a lot of criticism for it, but it was a friend of mine from medical school, so he trusted me and we used them and it worked quite well.
But I also use hydroxychloroquine as erythromycin, vitamin D, and aspirin.
So here's a paper that is done by Rwanka Perera.
and Leo L. M. Poon.
And I think that this is the husband of, I think this is the husband of Li Min Yan.
And so here we have subgenomic viral RNA and duration of illness, viral load, and SARS-CoV-2 virus culture from the upper respiratory tract.
This is the paper that a lot of people say is kind of definitive proof that, definitive proof that there was a virus and that it was culturable and that they did it and that they monitored it with RT-PCR.
This paper is a lot of people bring it up and it was Mark Kulak who actually tracked down the fact that who this person was and how weird it is that it's, and even how weird it is that a lot of these people have,
other things that they've done that Mark can tell you about.
So it's curious that in 2021 of all the papers that could be cited, Erso's got this one in there.
Erso is saying that it's virus early, viral particles late.
Erso is saying all kinds of things that are right on narrative about the spike protein and about the, you know, maybe it's bad, bad because, you know, viruses happen and this is how viruses happen.
And I know all about repurposed drugs because I was repurposing drugs before the pandemic to cure every disease.
What a crazy claim!
He's not even 15 minutes into his talk and it's already like, in retrospect, shockingly bad.
I thought this guy was going to be a good dude, but I mean, he's clearly sat at a table and gamed this out and hitting talking points that do one thing and one thing only, and that is mislead the young.
Wow.
So if you look at this, this is showing that the virus is rarely detectable beyond eight days.
That's SARS-CoV-2.
So SARS-CoV-2, we're not finding this virus past day eight.
So can anybody here tell me why we're using remdesivir?
And there you have it, right?
Now we're seeding another narrative here.
So we're not talking about supplemental oxygen.
We're not talking about ventilation to stop spread.
We're talking about remdesivir.
I mean, does that make any sense?
How does the ophthalmologist know that and ICU people don't?
I have no idea.
So really, I mean, that's a silly thing.
I really thought that this was one of the things that, I won't say who, but I talked to people even when I was in Washington from the NIH, and a lot of them didn't know that these viruses are gone in just a few days.
And there are still patients dying somewhere, getting on remdesivir has no efficacy at the late stages.
So this is the other riddle.
I just had a talk with Dr. Malone, and he enlightened me.
What does that mean exactly?
No late stage efficacy means that there is efficacy early in the viral syndrome, the disease course, which has different stages that include the virus being present early, but only particles being present later.
Do you see where we're going here?
Where I'm trying to take you as often as possible is that this is a very, very succinct
description of what they want you to believe by leading the audience through a list of questions that apparently everybody on stage agrees is relevant.
And then easy, very obvious answers to those questions because I know, because I'm a doctor, because I was doing this stuff before the pandemic.
It is remarkable.
fighting me on a lot of things, but I was really puzzled by this.
I'm sure everyone here was.
Why were we getting the thrombosis?
Why?
It was so hard to figure out.
I thought I had it down.
I started thinking about fibrosis and what cells create fibrosis, and I thought about pericytes.
So there.
They got us on pericytes early in 2021.
I remember that, but I got off of pericytes when I found out that most transfection technologies that are based on lipids have a propensity to go to two main places and that's platelets and the liver.
And so most of the spike protein, some of the spike protein, a significant quantity of the lipid nanoparticle was going to inevitably end up in platelets.
I don't know why.
Maybe it's because of their membrane protein complement.
I don't know what it is.
But early on in the days of transfection and trying to find a use for it,
One of the things that they noticed was that transfection goes to the liver.
That's why they used adenovirus on a person with a liver, genetic liver disease, to try and replace the enzyme there.
That's Jesse Gelsinger.
And they took advantage of the fact that the adenovirus ended up going there anyway.
So if it's going to go there and we're going to get high expression in the liver, maybe we can find a disease for which that would be useful.
And that's why they chose Jesse Gelsinger.
And you can find many papers on PubMed that also describe, oh, another useful target that these things seem to go to is platelets.
What can we use that for?
And so the idea that they got us into a sidetrack hamster wheel about parasites for almost a year in 2021, when in reality it was probably platelets all along and just the endothelium itself,
What this does is that it gets us running in a hamster wheel that doesn't get us succinctly to the idea that transfection by lipid nanoparticle, irrespective of the RNA, is dumb.
It's wonderful.
I see it as clear as day now, how complicated, how many details they're chasing down, how many wheels they're setting in motion that we get caught in any of them is good for them.
their mesenchymal cell line of fibroblasts and pericytes probably from the same cell line.
So I thought I bet the disease is, that's where the disease is occurring.
Of course they surround the capillaries, they surround the outside of the vessels, particularly the veins, and they can be responsible.
Dr. Malone gives a great explanation for it, maybe he'll enlighten us later, but how that all works.
But basically I was really concentrating on that.
And so I thought maybe
They're from the same cell line.
And so concentrating on the details is really what academics are trained to do.
They're trained actually to find a very specific set of details and questions about those details that no one else is asking and then focus on those because that's the best way to succeed.
And it's also the best way to not step on anybody's toes.
And so if Peter McCullough is working on the cardiac effects, I better not step on his toes.
I'll work on ivermectin.
I'll work on repurposed drugs.
Do you see what I'm trying to get at here?
There is no attempt to unify an understanding, to unify an approach.
There is no attempt to dispel any mythologies
There is an attempt to solidify a mythology to make sure that we accept without a shadow of a doubt that there is a novel virus and it's only a question of how we respond and the appropriateness of our choices.
That's it.
And so this platelet-rich plasma therapy, he's not gonna say that the lipid nanoparticles go there because they don't want you to know any of that.
They want you to think
that the virus is causing the syndromes that they know will be caused by live transfections.
And so that's what you see happening here.
Robert Malone rolling out people in the late 2021 with all kinds of narratives about what the spike can do, about what the virus does, about what Delta does, and the
tertiary effects of the disease course are in the worst case scenarios, and the spike protein having something to do with that so that when the effects of the transfection are finally manifest in college kids or in old people, it will be trivial to dismiss them as effects of COVID.
or effects of the spike protein, or effects of the double-stranded DNA, and no one will ever approach the possibility of thinking that transfection in general is bad, which it is.
At the time, I thought maybe Losartan, I had been using that as an antifibrotic agent.
And so I thought, I wonder if that'll help in SARS-CoV-2 and has effects on angiotensin one through seven.
And then you're gonna basically, if the virus hits the ACE2 receptor, it downregulates it.
And this creates increased vascular permeability when the ACE2 receptor is downregulated.
So you use it.
And so I spent almost a year, maybe almost, yeah, probably almost a year trying to understand the,
the ACE2 receptor network, Bradykinin, and all this other things that regulate the sort of fluid dynamics of the circulatory system.
And I tell you what, boy, there's a place to get lost in the details.
That's one of them.
And that's actually what they intended.
That's part of the narrative.
That was part of the trap.
Especially when you think about it, if they're just using a background signal and exaggerating
exaggerating it and looking on a background signal that's hot for these things and then pretending that they have some super function is pretty extraordinary.
It's why these people operate with such confidence and gusto because they know what they are a part of.
So, I'm just going to, I don't know, I don't want to use too much time.
Hydroxychloroquine, he's going to talk about.
What's that?
Plasma MPO DNA complexes increased in COVID-19.
So here we go.
This is also...
testing different proteins that can break up nets and break up fibrous material, trying to see what's happening in these microthrombi and neutrophil platelet infiltration stuff.
This is all looking at what's happening inside of these people.
And the question really becomes now whether any of these people are actually just suffering from the effects of multiple transfections, and the likelihood is very high.
And it wouldn't surprise me at all if these people are confounding vaccinated people who get infected with COVID and develop severe COVID and all of these things with people that are just getting the flu.
And I don't know how much work should be done doing that right now, but these people should all be brought in front of some kind of inquiry where the right questions are asked.
And I can provide the list of questions to ask these people.
I can provide a wonderful list of questions that people like Robert Malone would never be able to answer with a straight face, without ever being able to answer without sweating and going pale.
I think Mark Kulak could also come up with a few questions to add to that list that would help the color leave these people's faces.
In other eras of human history, some of the people in this story would have been drawn and quartered.
Others would have been killed outright on the battlefield long ago.
Others would have just disappeared.
What they are getting away with right now is only possible because there are enough of them working together that they feel comfortable doing it.
If any one of these people was operating like I am, from the back of their garage, trying to transmit these false lies, they would all be gone already.
It would never be sustainable.
No one would ever listen.
The only way it works is through careful, coordinated effort.
That's what these militarized programs called social media.
That's what they permit.
Do you think everybody that's operating in this narrative has the same permissions on X?
Has the same permissions on Slack?
Has the same permissions in a Discord server?
Of course not.
Let's go through this video further to get to the next presentator.
Our next speaker is Dr. Ryan Cole.
He attended Medical College of Virginia for his MD degree.
He did a year of PhD research in immunology.
He did residency in anatomic and clinical pathology at the Mayo Clinic.
He did surgical pathology fellowship and was the chief fellow at the Mayo Clinic.
Another pathologist really interested in sequencing a lot of people and believes in being optimistic about how AI might be able to sort out the genome is Claire Craig.
is Kevin McKernan, is Daryl Rickey, is Mark Lander, and Francis Collins, and Tony Fauci.
And so it's interesting that Claire Craig, a pathologist and also enthusiastic genome collector before the pandemic, ended up being part of this pseudo-objection to PCR testing authored by, you know,
Mike Eden and Claire Craig and Kevin McKernan just a bunch of it's it's incredible now in Retrospect, it's impossible not to see that these people were put in place with a narrative to titrate us to slavery Gosh I hope Robert I hope Ryan Cole will wake up and
fellowship at Columbia and he was the chief fellow there.
I see a trend.
He is now the CEO and medical director of Cole Diagnostics in Boise, Idaho.
He was at Columbia University?
What?
No way, they didn't just say that.
Did they really just say that?
a trend.
He is now the CEO.
Thank you, Dr. Urso, for an enlightening presentation.
Please save your questions until the end.
We're going to save some time for questions.
Our next speaker is Dr. Ryan Cole.
He attended Medical College of Virginia for his MD degree.
He did a year of PhD research in immunology.
He did residency in anatomic and clinical pathology at the Mayo Clinic.
He did surgical pathology fellowship and was the chief fellow at the Mayo Clinic.
He did dermatopathology fellowship at Columbia, and he was the chief fellow there.
I see a trend.
He is now the CEO and medical director of Cole Diagnostics in Boise, Idaho.
Welcome, Dr. Cole.
Thank you, Craig.
Does he have a coronavirus tie on?
Come on, really?
Wow.
Is that like a prerequisite?
You know, like a hazing, you have to go through it?
Yikes.
That is sad.
Why does he have that on?
All righty.
Think about how dark it is you would even wear that tie.
That is some seriously twiv-level lameness.
Wow.
OK.
Conflicts I just want to share.
I have a small interest in a rapid antigen test.
And my opinions today are my own.
We're off to the races here.
Somebody on the one side of that slide may have won the race.
And I don't know what drug he took, but Joe Rogan won the race.
So here we go.
I want to start first with a declaration.
Dr. Malone, Dr. Urso, and I were lucky
lucky enough recently to participate in drafting a resolution to the world, basically.
And I think it will resonate with the people here.
And we invite you to opine and perhaps sign on.
The Rome Declaration.
I wonder if that's the time when him and Stephen Hatfield, that would be Robert Malone and Stephen Hatfield, went to Rome.
And when they got to Rome, neither of them had a vaccine certificate.
Remember, Robert Malone claims to have taken two shots of the vaccine because he needed to travel.
And he said that in 2021 on many podcasts, including that of the illustrious Brett Weinstein, Earth's evolutionary biology professor.
But unfortunately, he also, we were also regaled with a story on the Tommy podcast by none other than Steven, I'm not the anthrax bomber, Hatfield.
that, you know, it was funny because Robert Malone and I went to Italy and he didn't have a certificate either.
So either he got injected, but he forgot his certificate, which would be really lame, or more likely he told us a story about a technology that he knew wouldn't be appropriate for him.
He's a healthy guy.
What do we need to be transfected for?
We're not part of that population pyramid bump that American governments and Western governments around the world need to manage.
I'm one of the important ones.
with us.
We, the physicians of the world, united and loyal to the Hippocratic Oath, recognizing the profession of medicine as we know it is at a crossroad, are compelled to declare the following.
Whereas it is our utmost responsibility and duty to uphold and restore the dignity, integrity, art, and science of medicine.
Whereas there is an unprecedented assault on our ability to care for our patients.
Whereas public policymakers have chosen to force a one-size-fits-all treatment strategy, resulting in needless illness and death, rather than upholding fundamental concepts of the individualized, personalized approach to patient care, which has proven to be safe and more effective.
whereas physicians and other health care providers working on the front lines utilize safe and effective used again in combination.
Why?
Because those are the mandates of the FDA.
Weird language choice?
No.
Perfect language choice.
Using their knowledge of epidemiology, pathophysiology, and pharmacology are often first to identify new potentially life-saving treatments
whereas physicians are increasingly being discouraged from engaging in open professional discourse and the exchange of... Does anybody believe that this set of words is going to save anybody in 2021?
I still don't even know what the point is.
I lost it already.
It's so dumb, it's atrocious.
Ideas about new and emerging diseases not only endangering the essence of the medical profession, but more importantly, more tragically, the lives of our patients.
Whereas thousands of physicians are being prevented from providing treatment to their patients as a result of barriers put up by pharmacies, hospitals, and public health agencies rendering the vast majority of healthcare providers helpless,
to protect their patients in the face of disease.
Physicians are now advising their patients to simply go home, allowing the virus to replicate and return when their disease worsens, resulting in hundreds of thousands of unnecessary patient deaths due to failure to treat.
Whereas this is not medicine, this is not care, these policies may actually constitute crimes against humanity.
Now therefore it is resolved.
Thank you.
Now for, there it is resolved that the physician-patient relationship must be restored.
The very heart of medicine is this relationship, which allows physicians to best understand their patients and their illnesses, to formulate treatments that give the best chance for success.
I wonder if the FDA gets in the way of the physician-patient relationship.
Oh, I smell something here, ladies and gentlemen.
while the patient is an active participant in their care.
Resolve that the political intrusion into the practice of medicine and the physician-patient relationship must end.
Physicians and all health care providers must be free to practice the art and the science of medicine.
I wonder if ChatGTP could write a more wordy statement that said nothing.
Wow.
without fear of retribution, censorship, slander, or disciplinary action, including possible loss of licensure and hospital privileges, loss of insurance contracts, and interference from government entities and organizations, which further prevent us from caring for patients in need.
more than ever, the right and the ability to exchange objectives.
Actually, Dragonite, what I'm trying to suggest is that the FDA is under attack because the FDA is the wing of the U.S.
government that requires the proper labeling of things and governs whether something is safe and effective.
Now, the question is, do we need those things or not?
Because if we need those things, but they are corrupted,
corrupted by influence, corrupted by lobbying, corrupted by whatever mechanism there is, we still need to decide whether the mandate of the FDA is something we need or not.
Because I think it's something we need.
And I think all these people who are trying to tell us that the FDA is corrupt and Big Pharma has corrupted the FDA don't understand that the reason why Big Pharma would corrupt the FDA is so that we would throw it away.
Yes, they make it hard for small companies to bring things to market because of the high requirements and the high bar for all these studies that they have to do.
Yes, the FDA does that.
and that benefits the big pharma.
And big pharma has taken advantage of that system, yes.
But now, the FDA still stands in the way of big pharma because big pharma has to spend that much money to pass the FDA, and they don't wanna spend that much money to get past the FDA.
So what better way to do it than to get rid of the FDA?
Especially if their future therapeutics based on transfection can't ever pass an FDA with a mandate of safe and effective.
And so they fooled us into rallying under this idea, this banner, that the FDA is corrupted by Big Pharma and so we have to get rid of Big Pharma and destroy the FDA without understanding what the FDA does or was intended to do at the origin of it and how it's been perverted and twisted.
You're not gonna get rid of it and say that the Ten Commandments are dumb because they're not being enforced, would ya?
You wouldn't say that the Ten Commandments have been corrupted because people aren't enforcing them anymore.
Or people don't call adultery, adultery.
Or, do you see?
So you can't say that an organization that has the mandate to make sure that the label is correct and what is in the bottle is on the label.
We don't want to get rid of that principle.
We want to fix it.
We want to enforce it.
And if the FDA has been corrupted, that doesn't mean that the intention of or the mandate of the FDA is a corrupt mandate.
It means that it is being implemented in a corrupt manner.
And so we cannot allow these people to fool us into believing that the FDA has not been valuable.
The FDA has been a giant pain in the ass to Big Pharma.
And they've done their best to make sure that it benefits them in some way.
And one of the ways that it's benefited them is that they've created a very high bar for bringing something to market because the FDA, in order to pass it, requires a lot of work.
But they would rather not have it.
All of these people, the nutraceutical people, the nutrient supplement people, and the pharma people would all rather not have the FDA.
Nobody likes the FDA.
Understand that very clearly.
And the FDA, if implemented in theory correctly, would provide a very important service because what's on the label should be in the bottle and vice versa.
What's not on the label should not be in the bottle.
And nobody says Senator Kefauver's name, but Robert, but,
But Mark Kulak, nobody.
Nobody talks about Brett Weinstein's dad and Robert Kennedy's role in the formation of the FDA except for Mark Kulak.
Nobody talks about strict scrutiny and the rational basis test with respect to the PREP Act except for Jonathan Cooley.
Nobody talks about intramuscular injection might be just dumb in general, except for Jonathan Cooey.
And I shouldn't be.
I only figured this out in 2022.
I shouldn't be the guy with the best language.
Mark should not be the guy, the only guy talking about Senator Keefofer and the origins of the FDA.
But he is.
scientific findings which further our understanding of disease must be protected.
Resolve that physicians must defend their right to prescribe treatment observing the tenant first do no harm.
Physicians shall not be restricted from prescribing safe and effective treatments.
These restrictions continue to cause unnecessary sickness and death.
The rights of patients after being fully informed about the risks and benefits of each option must be restored.
to receive those treatments.
Resolve that we invite physicians of the world and all health care providers to join us in this noble cause as we endeavor to restore trust, integrity, and professionalism to the practice of medicine.
Resolve that we invite the scientists of the world who are skilled in biomedical research and uphold the highest ethical and moral standards to insist on their ability
to conduct and publish objective empirical research without fear of reprisal upon their careers, reputations, and livelihoods.
Resolve that we invite patients who believe in the importance of the physician-patient relationship and the ability to be active participants in their care to demand access to science-based medical care and witness whereof.
And this is at globalcovidsummit.org.
And then the declaration, if you would like to add your imprimatur thereon, is that doctors and scientists, it's at the bottom of the global, excuse me, globalcovidsummit.org page.
And this is where we are.
As of last night, we have 7,800 doctors and scientists who have joined us.
All right, one of my favorite quotes, if everybody is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.
General George S. Patton, and that's where we are.
Here's some points to ponder from a pathologist perspective in 10 plus posits in 10 minutes.
Ready, set, go.
SARS-CoV-2, cultures.
Okay, some people, is it culturable or not?
Well, it looks like it probably is.
And there's some articles, you know, start with that one, culture-based isolation.
So the no virus virus, is it culturable or not, is a real question that Ryan Cole
Coordinating with Robert Wallace Malone agrees is a useful discussion.
And so he's gonna take the opinion that this paper and a few other papers are evidence that it can be cultured.
And in the meantime, Tom Cowan and Christine Massey and Alex Zeck and Andy Kaufman are gonna go crazy with the New Zealand couple, the Baileys, and say that there's no virus, there's no proof, and they're gonna go on for two more years after this.
Three more years after this.
It wasn't by accident, ladies and gentlemen.
It's a script with many sides.
It's a Lollapalooza of liars with many stages.
And it doesn't matter if you get tired of one band.
When you go to the other stage, they are coordinating their setlist.
to evaluate infectivity, viral cultures, et cetera.
Now I know, I love Dr. Merritt and we're best buds, but at the same time, I think there are some articles that show we can do it.
Now here's kind of the logic argument in the ivermectin trials.
He just promoted Dr. Merritt, Dr. Lee Merritt, who I showed you was promoted by NPR in 2021 as somebody who could renew her license with a mouse click and was spreading misinformation about COVID.
Here he is now promoting Lee Merritt as a great person, but he disagrees with whether or not the virus is cultured.
This is an extended neuro-linguistic programming attack where you are being bamboozled.
We were bamboozled into accepting these questions.
And that's what the metal sphere that these motorcycle riders are riding in.
That's the metal sphere that they perform within.
There is a virus.
Where it came from is a question.
Whether or not it can be cultured is a question.
What the PCR means depending on the cycle is a question.
And these are all irrelevant questions to pursuing the real truth, which is, is this a background signal or background signals being misconstrued as a novel spreading thing, which is almost certainly the case.
the National University if you look at that and we say it inhibited viral growth, in order to say it inhibited viral growth we had to culture it.
So that's just a logic game to play with that one.
Alright testing, I do run a medical laboratory so here's the question and answers.
All right, you can see on the left-hand side, proper technique.
You have more ACE2 receptors, TMPRSS2, underneath the middle turbinate bone further back.
On the right, you can see them trying to puncture the plate of the brain, doing it absolutely incorrectly.
Okay, so with a PCR, what are we detecting?
You know, we're not even detecting the car on your left there, or the virus.
We're detecting the blueprint for the car, okay?
but we're not even detecting that much of it.
We're really looking for, and this is thanks to Dr. Urso, we're detecting the car parts, the blueprint for the car parts.
So PCR is only looking- Why does he say the credit goes to Dr. Urso?
Is he suggesting that he didn't understand or didn't have this analogy?
We're not detecting all the car parts.
And the question now becomes, are we detecting parts that are specific for this new kind of car?
Or are we detecting parts that are universal across all the cars, including all the cars that were in the background before this new car started to spread?
Is he gonna get there?
Is he gonna actually explain how this can be used to probe the
authenticity or the legitimacy of the PCR diagnostics?
Ryan Cole is disappointing me fast here.
Looking at a part and a specific hopefully conserved sequence of a virus.
PCR with RNA virus you have to
do a primer, turn it into DNA, and then amplify.
And then we amplify it, you hear your CT values, and people complain, well, what does it mean, what doesn't it mean?
I'll tell you what it means, here we go.
Is a PCR meaningful or meaningless?
Well, these tests should be used in symptomatic patients.
If you get a CT of 34, that just means something's present, the blueprint for a car part.
If you get a CT of 15, you have a lot of blueprints for a car part.
But what if we were doing it this way?
So he's not being very specific.
He's not being very specific.
And even though he has a very, very apt analogy, and I wonder if it's not part of the script that he was given, this analogy is very, very good if people are shown it correctly.
because there is a background signal of automobiles all around the world.
And if they want you to be convinced that there is a new automobile that's spreading around the world, their test better be specific for it.
Otherwise, if their test is just for four wheels and a carburetor, it's going to be a lot of false positives.
And it's not going to matter.
what CT count it is because there's a lot of false positives because that's a background signal.
It is not a unique spreading signal on a blank background.
Is he explaining that well?
Is he even trying to explain that concept?
What does that mean?
I think it means that he's reading a script or has adapted a script to his own slides because he wanted to make it his own or because that's what his handlers told him to do.
Ryan Cole, you have my phone number.
I have texted you several times to do a show with me over the last three years.
You've given me little notes that I still carry in my wallet.
Either those notes are real
And you need my help or those notes are lies.
And you've been playing for Team Robert Malone since 2021 or before.
But this is very dubious.
This is no different than Claire Craig, who at the same time in August of 2021 was telling people in the UK and around the world that PCR testing, like fast food or restaurant food, had trade-offs.
If you wanted it to be fast and cheap, it wasn't going to be very accurate or tasty.
And if you want it to be very accurate and tasty, then you're going to have to pay money for it, or it's not going to be very fast.
This is all the same bullshit hamster wheels that ignore the elephant in the room, which is how are they differentiating the new signal from the background when they have no data from before they declared the signal.
They can't.
And whether or not Ryan Cole understands this because he just gave credit to Erso for the analogy, it could be that he was not sophisticated enough to understand it.
But I have been and am sophisticated enough to explain it to him.
And I've explained it to many people.
And many of these people have ignored it or even gone on to do worse things.
It's a lie about me to interfere with my family's well-being.
to interfere with my ability to make a living for my family.
And these are pretty severe encroachments on my life that in any other era would have been justifiably responded to by violence.
And so think about where they put us, where they put our families, where they put our school boards, where they put parents.
who actually understand what's going on.
They are putting us in a situation where we are being forced to regularly check what are normal responses to this level of encroachment on our lives.
And we have been, through coercion and fear and through the coordinated liars, we are acquiescing to it.
because we think that these people are fighting on our behalf and there's nothing we can do if Ryan Cole's fighting and Meryl Nass is fighting and CHD is standing up and Bobby's gonna stand up for us, then maybe we can finally go back to our Netflix.
Everything's finally gonna be okay.
way.
Patient has a CT of 34 and is starting to become symptomatic and two or three days later now has a CT of 15.
Well, they're going into disease.
PCR is semi-quantitative.
In that case, it's meaningful.
A snapshot in time means nothing.
Patient has a CT value of 15, the number of times you amplify.
Now, a week later or three days later, they're at 34.
What are they doing?
So no questions about the appropriateness of the amplicon.
No questions about whether they are going for conserved
motifs in a background signal or specific motifs in a new signal.
No discussion of how that might be done, even though these would be very, very much on the table of any discussion of the application of PCR in an academic setting.
This is pure obfuscation, and I don't know if it's witting or unwitting.
I don't know if he's not sophisticated enough to understand it, but he's sure talking like he is.
He's sure talking like this is common knowledge to him and obviously common sense.
This feels a lot like narrative because it's absolutely one great big giant pile of bullshit, no different than what Claire Craig was pushing at the same time in 2021 as the head of heart.
Do your own research and you can dispel the mythologies.
Because you can see them laying them down in concert, in coordination, in harmony, in real time.
And it's still all available for free archiving on the internet.
going out of viral replication.
Patient comes in at a CT of 34 and a week later is still at a CT of 34, well they still have blueprints for car parts.
And we're not looking at it this way.
So using a one-time test and saying you're a case is insane.
We have a case-demic because we're misusing a test that can be a good test when applied in the proper way.
What about antigen tests?
Okay, now we're actually looking at the proteins.
We're looking at the car parts themselves, not the blueprints for the parts.
We're actually not.
We're looking at the specificity for a commercially generated antibody for the background.
And we're trusting that the proprietary technology, the proprietarily designed polyclonal or monoclonal antibodies used in that lateral flow test
There you see it in the picture.
We're relying on the combinations of these antibodies to be sound in what they identify and what they don't identify on a hot background.
And we're being told to accept that these things are so specific that you can decide whether or not to hug your grandmother using them.
Stop lying!
In these lateral flow tests, these quick antigen tests, we have anti-antigen antibodies bound to a nitrocellulose.
We have reagents that will glow those.
So we're able to look at those and say, okay, protein.
It sounds a lot like he supports the testing industry.
He supports the testing products.
He thinks they work.
He thinks they're useful.
He thinks they should be developed.
That's what it sounds like to me.
That's what it sounds like McKernan thinks.
That's what it sounds like Burkhalter thinks.
That might be where Robert Malone and his colleagues are making some of his money.
And that's why they speak out about some countermeasures, but not others.
Ooh, smelling something here.
present, protein not present.
Those again are good in context.
Symptomatic patient, there's a lot of false positives with all of these tests if you run the cycles too high on the PCR and if you test asymptomatic patients with these tests.
So using the test the proper way at the proper time is what we should be doing and we've gone crazy societally over using testing.
And that's from a guy that runs a lab.
I don't mind going back to just reading biopsies and not doing way too many PCR tests, I promise.
antibody testing, there's lateral flow tests, there's some... And that comes from a guy who runs a lab.
Wow.
You might as well believe him then, even though he's talking about proprietary technologies that he has no intimate knowledge of, or maybe he does, but he can't disclose it.
Ryan Cole, you got my number.
I got your love notes, but I haven't gotten a phone call.
Good ones, there's some bad ones.
A lot have been pulled from the market.
In the laboratory on the right, we actually use big machines and chemiluminescent tests.
T-cell memory tests, there's a good one out there, the T-Detect, usually about 15 days after the infection, you can start detecting the genes that are... Lots of people tried to get me into T-cell memory and making tests for T-cell memory.
Maybe we should start a company that does T-cell testing.
Why?
Because if you do T-cell testing, you are accepting the existence and the spread of the novel virus.
Almost nine months or a year long, I was being encouraged by people behind the scenes to approach T-cell immunity, teach T-cell immunity.
Maybe there are T-cell tests, maybe there are... Amazing what they did to us.
turned on and turned off in the virus.
95% sensitive, 99% plus percent specific.
There's others coming onto the market.
That's simply a blood draw, and you can send those off.
All right, where are we now?
Delta variant, is it real?
Yes, it is.
It's more.
So now they want a blood draw to test your T cells.
Wow.
I mean, that's not Human Genome Project, is it?
That's not a, that's, a blood draw is a really wonderful biological remnant to have left over.
Holy balls.
Once you see it, he's advocating for as many different kinds of tests as possible to follow this virus in as many different ways as possible in October of 2021.
Transmissible, certainly.
There are new mutations in it, multiple at the receptor binding domain, a lot of substitutions that make it more virulent.
This is the one that really makes it interesting because at the furin cleavage site of the Delta spike,
it splits more easily.
10% of bound virus would get into cells previously.
Now with Delta, about 75% of bound virus because of this mutation can get into cells.
So why do we see Delta going like a wildfire in patients?
That's why these new mutations have allowed it to do so.
All right.
Question, pathologist, where are all the autopsies?
And Dr. Merritt brought this up earlier.
I'm very scared because this is really bad.
And we've got a novel new disease, supposedly.
Why in the world don't we have billions of funding looking at every single death and documenting all the changes that we would expect?
Where are all the autopsies for what?
For COVID-19.
That's remarkable.
We have a new disease that people are dying from.
We need autopsies to characterize the novel virus disease and all of its manifestations.
Or maybe not expect, we can't do science if, you know, where are the billions?
Where are the autopsies, crickets?
One cannot find that for which they do not look.
That's plain and simple.
And if we're not looking, we won't find and we won't advance the science.
So it's very frustrating.
Where are the post-vaccine autopsies?
Same question.
I was just on the phone with some doctors out of Germany the other day, and we're trying to put some extra studies together, a doctor out of Sweden as well, and it needs to happen.
It needs to happen.
As I gave a talk in Texas, I had more autopsy tissues coming my way.
Spike, spike, spike, spike, spike, spike, he says.
Oh, I gotta turn it up on this one.
Spike, spike, spike, he says.
Spike is a toxin.
The investigational vaccines code for spike.
Spike does not stay in the deltoid muscle.
Does the RNA stay in the deltoid muscle or just the spike leaves the muscle?
See, we're still, it's still building out this narrative.
We still have to figure that out, that actually the mRNA goes other places too.
So maybe Ryan Cole hasn't heard from, hasn't heard from Byron Bridle yet.
The spike circulates for weeks.
It's a Harvard study.
Stop lying!
Spike hones into the ACE2 receptor.
Well, this is October 2021.
We knew that a long time ago.
Isn't this remarkable?
Wow.
We're going to stain them for spike, nucleocapsid, antibody, deposition, clotting, etc.
All sorts of things we're looking for.
Because in the few that we have seen in some of the mammal models, the spike itself we know can be a toxin.
It induces disease alone without the virus being present.
We know it induces disease alone without the virus being present.
Stop lying!
Stop lying.
That is exactly what I told you is happening here.
That they are trying in a military fashion to make it so that the populace, especially those with the most questions, is unable to discern a signal
that all of these people would knew would show up.
A signal of all-cause mortality increasing because of our population pyramid shape and the damage that would be done by transfection.
And so in order to create the smoke screen necessary to roll out transfection en masse around the world, they needed to establish the existence of a novel virus and they murdered people and lied about it in order to do it.
And they had people lying about the course of the disease and the murder.
So far, we've heard none of these MDs say anything about supplementary oxygen causing ARDS and that being indistinguishable from the disease pathology characterized for SARS.
And for SARS-CoV-2, they are seemingly unaware of this parallel.
And yet we have evidence from protocols, evidence from medical records, evidence from YouTube videos of doctors screaming from the rooftops in New York City that 60 liters a minute was required because these people were having pulse ox crashes that that Pierre Cory documented.
It was everybody.
And that same team, Robert Malone, or whatever they are, pushed the spike protein as the toxin because they wanted to confuse the populace so that they would never realize that transfection in general was a bad idea.
but instead they want them, they wanted, and I have been saying this since 2021, they want us to mistakenly blame the effects of transfection on the viral spike protein because it's a gain-of-function spike protein.
These people should have known better.
It was even in a patent of Moderna.
And that's important.
I've shown this slide before in another talk.
On the left, blown apart mitochondria.
In the lungs, on your right there, tons of inflammation in the lungs, spike alone.
In the heart, inflammatory cells.
The blue is early scarring.
Liver, around those vessels on the left, all the blue.
See, I get to look at all these pretty colors all day long.
I kind of like what I do.
What about the ovary?
Where are the studies on the ovary?
We know the lipid nanoparticles accumulate there.
And then today we have the CDC saying, oh yeah, just give the shots to pregnant women and young children.
So the question is, and again, this is something that I didn't understand they were being so imprecise about, but where the lipid nanoparticle goes is an independent question in the mind of the narrator and in the mind of the audience is independent of where the mRNA goes.
It is possible that some members of the audience think that the mRNA is dropped off in the deltoid and the lipid nanoparticles go elsewhere.
And again, it is this lack of precision that is not by accident, but by design.
They are creating interwoven hamster wheels that will get people running in circles and answering the wrong questions over and over again, instead of asking bigger, broader questions about the appropriateness of these methodologies or the
The fidelity and reality of these mythologies, these stories of antibodies and viral particles versus asymptomatic transmission and false positives.
This is all nonsense.
Based on the presuppositions of these powers that be, that there is a novel virus on a clean background.
children and everybody, and we don't have the long-term studies for something that is experimental.
We don't have five to ten years of safety data on these things.
So what about vaccine safety?
Good question.
You know, in the U.S., 15,000 deaths, 726,000 adverse reactions reported.
That's quite a lot, even more in Europe.
um up top so this is the graph that that none other than jessica rose as epi girl was promoting for most of 2021 as listen to me listen to me listen to me the aids virus modeler the the computational biologist virologist immunologist whatever else she says she is competitive surfer
dual citizen of Israel and Canada, NATO operative, traitor to American children, what other, you know, mother of dragons, an ultra traitor to our children, her and her twin sister.
You can see that's 30 years worth of vaccine adverse event reporting data.
And at the far right of that graph, you can see what we've seen in just a short.
And make no mistake about it.
What Ryan Cole is saying is the same thing that Jessica Rose is saying.
There was no safety signal before the pandemic.
It's a hamster wheel because, of course, three years from now, they'll all say that, hey, the old vaccines are also shit.
Well, where's the signal then?
They were, they are.
I'm not saying they're not.
But it's the contradiction.
It's the incongruency in their path to realizing the truth that reveals them as liars.
Because in 2021, I was alive and talking to them.
eight, nine months.
On the left, that's the number of deaths within day one, day two, day three, et cetera.
So you can see a proximity and an association with death right after the shot.
More deaths from the shot in nine months than we expected.
Treatment said, thank you.
Dr. Ursa went over treatment, but you know what goes up?
Your T cell response goes up, and in SARS-CoV-1, 18 years later, the individuals that have been studied still have long-term immunity to SARS-CoV-1.
T-cell memory, T-cell memory.
We need a blood draw to do your T-cell memory, sequencing your immune, immunosystem, whatever.
It's all the same crap.
It's all the same story.
We all bought it.
I definitely bought it.
That's why I thought that Mike Eden and Ryan Cole were two of the stars of the show because they brought up T-cell memory versus antibodies.
Obviously, T-cell memory is better and more primary and more important.
Arguing about T-cell memory versus antibodies is exactly not arguing about whether there's a novel virus or just a background that's being misconstrued as something instead of murder.
It's absolutely magnificent in its malevolence.
SARS-CoV-1 from their T-cells 18 years later.
All right, think of the virus as a bicycle, front tire is the spike, you get a shot, you get an antibody to the spike and a bunch of antibodies to the spike, you get an infection, you get antibodies to the whole bike and T-cell memory to the whole bike.
Okay, there's the Delta crash bent spike up front there.
Your body, if you've had COVID, remembers the rest of the bicycle and will forever, hopefully.
And to vaccinate the COVID-recovered is scientifically
Reich and Bhattacharya spelled wrong.
Holy crap.
I know Reich is a bad guy.
I know it for sure.
I had a private, well, a conversation that was a private Zoom with several people, including Kelly Victory, and he made a fool of himself talking to me.
And that was before I understood what I understood now about infectious clones and the illusion of RNA virology and all this other stuff.
It was just the standard narrative being nonsense and their inability to differentiate from a background was already enough.
And his story about how bad COVID is and how bad of a disease it is and how sure he is that it's real.
Not protocols killing people, or mistakes being made, or antibiotics being withdrawn.
He was sure.
He's had it multiple times, said Harvey Reich, even though he's using hydroxychloroquine to prevent it, and he's got the shots and stuff.
Jay Bhattacharya already being promoted here.
Wow.
Coherent.
Treatments, thank you.
Dr. Ursa went over treatments.
Treat early.
Do not wait.
Delta, delta, delta.
It duplicates very quickly.
Transfection is a clotting disease.
How's that?
Transfection is a clotting disease because it goes to platelets.
Transfection is a clotting disease because it goes to endothelial cells.
How's that?
Done and done.
quickly.
COVID is a clotting disease, clotting disease, clotting disease.
Don't forget the aspirin.
Don't forget all the treatments that Dr. Urso did mention.
I've got them all up here too and the clock is against me.
And lots of treatments so the NIH telling us there's no treatments is insane.
Don't forget to check your vitamin D levels.
Vitamin D levels play a critical role as to whether you're going to get COVID and the degree of severity you will or won't have with it.
And there is a study from 191,000 patients, your acquisition on the left.
The real question is, can you take vitamin D orally and manage to fix this number?
Does that work?
You know, if your pocket watch needs oil,
Can you just dip it in the oil?
You know, just open the back and then dip it in the oil and then let it come out and let the oil, the extra oil run out and then close it again.
Is that fine?
Can you do that?
Because the pocket watch needs oiling.
Because if they show you a graph that shows that some people have low vitamin D, the assumption is, is that, well, I can just take some vitamin D pills, right?
I'm not sure that's the case.
I'm not sure that's the case at all.
And I think we need to be very careful about measuring the indirect measurements of chemicals in our body and thinking that all we need to do is add some of that chemical and everything will be fine because the people with more of that chemical seem to do better.
We've got to get out of these little tiny traps where one graph and one logic step allows you to think you understand a system well enough to dip the watch into the oil and let the extra drip out.
I don't know a lot about vitamin D. I know that it is important in the immune system and its regulation, but I don't know that you can just take pills of it and augment a shortage of it and that will have a meaningful effect on your health.
And I think it's very silly for somebody like him to be promoting that idea.
Your vitamin D level going to the right.
Look at your comorbidities, look at your diet.
Cut the carbs, cut the carbs.
Patients should be on a keto diet when they're sick.
Sleep affects the stickiness of your immune cells, how they talk to each other, how they function, and don't forget to defend your colleagues.
There's some tall blades of grass in this room, and we're happy to speak out.
You know, misinformation, disinformation, no, there's information.
The cream should always rise to the top, but to be labeled by the brown shirts as just giving disinformation is a propaganda strategy.
What we should have is just information and dialogue, and the truth will always prevail.
So we don't want to be the tall blades of grass.
We're happy to do it.
But at the same time, we need you at our side.
So we appreciate it.
And at that, I will leave it until we get the questions.
How did I do?
Did I make the clock?
All right.
Thank you for an excellent presentation.
Now I have the pleasure of introducing Dr. Robert Malone, who got his bachelor's in biochemistry at UC Davis.
He got a master's in biology from UC San Diego.
He got his MD from Northwestern University School of Medicine.
He did a medical pathology internship at UC Davis School of Medicine and did fellowship research and postdoc studies in global clinical scholars program honors at Harvard.
Dr. Malone has become known as one of the inventors of mRNA and DNA strategies and a worldwide expert on mRNA and DNA technologies and its relevance in biodefense and outbreaks.
And now, Dr. Malone.
I would like to use the space bar.
Hi I'm Robert Malone, I'm a physician scientist and I am also clearly labeled as a disinformation specialist because I don't know anything about vaccines and by defense.
This is I don't know number five or six outbreak for me.
We're going to go in a little while.
I work closely with the Defense Threat Reduction Agency.
I am a vaccinologist.
So this is my moment.
seeking absolution.
OK, so I think what we're going to do is postpone this now because I'm going to go and take care of some other things.
This has been two hours and 13 minutes and we will just come back to this study hall at some point.
I don't know if it'll be Friday or Saturday or next Wednesday.
And we'll start here with Robert Malone's presentation.
And just to spoil it in case you didn't already look,
After Robert Malone's presentation, of course, there will be another speaker, and that speaker is another... And with that, I close, and thank you for your attention.
I hope that was helpful.
And listen to who he introduces.
Next Wednesday is Christmas?
No, it's not.
Is it really?
Oh it is wow okay well I'm going to be doing a lot of shows during Christmas break.
Thank you Dr. Malone for another eye opening presentation and now prior to questions we have a special guest surprise.
A surprise.
Fortunately she was able to be with us today I think she's going to give you some information that's going to help you put all of the pieces together of the pandemic and
All the pieces together in October of 2021.
We have the pleasure of introducing Dr. Li-Ming Yan.
She's an M.D.
from the seven-year program at the SIANA.
I'm pronouncing that correctly.
My apologies if I... Of course, she presented at the real event 201, which took place, I think, in 2018.
You can find a link at Housatonic Live.
You can find some documents of that and a couple of the presentations, I think, are there.
I will be around, I'll be around tomorrow, I'll be around all Christmas break.
We have grandma here and so I have lots of opportunity to stream and I will take advantage of that.
But I don't wanna leave this run too long because I think that the Malone presentation is of utmost importance to put right at the beginning.
So I'm glad that we did Erso and I'm glad that we did Dr. Cole because they were important to see where they were in October of 2021.
And I took some notes and so I'm gonna be able to add that to the graph
to the representation of where we were or when.
And I think it's gonna become more and more obvious the more work we do that we were brought here by a group of people that have been coordinating their lives across borders and across platforms and across podcasts.
And some of them are wittingly participating.
Some of them are wittingly looking away and not asking what's behind the curtains that they don't know yet.
And others of them are just descended from families that have always been in on it.
And once we start coming to terms with that, I think we're going to be able to make succinct
arguments against these people, succinct arguments against them being part of our governance, and succinct arguments with our family and friends about how we should change the course of our families and our communities and look toward planning for a different future.
And that means that we gotta get people on the right time horizons with regard to the recent history that's available, and making sure that they are actively verifying the nonsense that's in their head,
actively working against the military algorithms that they have surrendered to on social media and working to escape this, what would we call it?
What would you call it?
I'm not sure what you would call it, but it was a pretty detailed operation that involved a lot of people being placed on the internet and a lot of people coordinating their efforts to obfuscate the truth.
The truth about the previous vaccine schedule, the truth about placebos, the truth about murder in US hospitals, largely by supplemental oxygen, but also murder in US communities by opioids.
Lots and lots of murder is being misconstrued by these dissidents, these acolytes on social media that are as bad as any of them that are being pushed in front of us on mainstream media.
And that's really where my experience comes in because I thought I was fighting against the bad guys.
I thought I was going to one day give a stream that was going to break the internet, that was going to go viral, and that the truth would finally get out.
And I was part of this team that thought that this was the relevant set of questions.
And now that same team of people that I thought was working in earnest to save our grandkids, starting to forward this list of nonsense.
Starting to forward this list of things that we can agree on.
And not at all talking about the real irreducible complexity of our biology and the dangers that encroach upon it.
GMO plants and insects, stem cell research and how it's being used behind the scenes, and intramuscular injection as medicine, the generation of remnants and what they are used for.
We're not talking about any of it, and we're not talking about the vaccine schedule before or after, and we're not talking about transfection as a methodology, and that's all by design.
That's what these people were there for.
They curated the very lively debate within the limited spectrum that got us here.
And that's why these people are guilty.
That's why these people are the bad guys.
That's why we need a new biology 101 that understands our biology in a different way and it can explain away this evolution because DNA crap.
We need to reorient medicine to understand intramuscular injection as dumb as it is and therefore also understand our immune system as beautiful as it is.
And we need the government to be held to strict scrutiny when they deprive citizens of fundamental rights.
And we need lawyers on our team that understand that.
Ladies and gentlemen, RNA cannot pandemic using intramuscular injection to administer medicine to healthy people is wrong.
And the Human Genome Project was a lie.
It's just begun.
If you liked what you saw, please, please, please find a way to support what I'm doing by going to gigaohmbiological.com and finding a way to become a supporter.
And if you want to share, please share at stream.gigaohm.bio because Mark and I and a few other of the supporters are supporting that and paying for that.
And so why promote Twitch when you could promote our own website with no algorithms, no tracking, no login, just videos that you can also download in low resolution or even audio only.
Thank you very much and I'll see you again tomorrow.